into the team listen I couldn't take you
to Portugal so I thought instead i'll
show you how to go camping onion you are
really so organized you would even
organize the campsite well the whole
thing is i think people are really into
nature and getting back to nature i
really like to show you just a few tips
to make camping a little easier a little
more funds and double duty stuff so
first up getting comfortable in a tent
this for those of you who don't know
what this is this is a tent this is a
region i'm seeing happening you've got
one little sleeping figure my sleeping
bag yeah okay hoping I'm hoping that
might sleep too in the segment so first
up these mats the day that you have at
home for kids play mats these are great
for actually making the tent way more
comfortable and for basically yeah good
idea yes thank you that's because she
gives you extra padding ok and you'll
need that no it'll keep you warm at the
grounds cold exactly it'll help keep the
little critters oh well it's just a
simple solution to take something from
home to make tent camping a little more
comfortable with in your tent and in a
pinch if you don't have kids that have
those mets yoga mats work pretty well
awesome not gonna sit easy to put this
all tense now is so simple they
basically really yeah you simply feed
these rods through these little supports
here and essentially it's like magic
blows up like that it just sort of
popped up yeah it'll very big papa I
could done let's just stay focused right
you want to stay focused okay so
creating a nice mood when you're camping
is really important in having decent
light in your tent now take a water
bottle add water jug like this a gallon
and you take a headlamp Oh everybody had
these don't you that's what do you do
with that is what you do you simply put
you two I get you like bad school
children I got kicked out of camp simply
put it on the side of the water bottle
like and drop it into the teeth
if you want to get in here and see how
ambient light fills in the tent come on
Kearney each I could say I can all dance
with you today you get so happy does it
feel nice and like I don't you do to get
her accountable yeah you two both look
like you will be like a desert awake
step back here okay this is a slightly
delicate delicate tip but when we're
camping it's very important to keep
regularly Rachel and I don't need that
oh yeah plumbing yes get a coffee
canister yeah cut a slit in the side put
your toilet paper in here and feed it
through this will then ensure that your
toilet paper at least initially stays
dry and fine
I am serious it's even drier if you use
an indoor toilet super fancy put a piece
of string through hang it on the tree
now going to step over our pre traveling
yapping making sure that you have small
samples of antibiotic stuff toothpaste
on that can be really important rather
than carding these huge tubes with you
and a really simple thing you can do is
take a straw and you simply burn the end
of the straw like this and then you seal
the straw why don't you cut it and then
fill it with whatever you need fill it
with whatever you need whether it's
toothpaste clutter antibody cream
anything like that you put in a little
baggie and fill it like that a little it
Claire or cannoli yeah
the good thing also is that you can use
spice put spices and that in these as
well yeah clever did you like your food
nights too tasty enough to bring all
your spice bottles with you I am down
with that the onion I'd like that to be
so you don't be carding large bars of
soap with you and if you got kids that's
really weigh a lot no but here's the
thing if you've got kids rushing off to
wash themselves me when you can't be
chances are they're going to lose a bar
of soap a day right here's what you do
you get a vegetable peeler you simply
peel you think so plate yes and then you
take these yeah and take the Holy One
come back right come over here with me
come over here with me the baby pool yes
because here it is this all of these
tips all of these two delarians one of
these tips are from buzzfeed and I know
they're all a little wacky but they're
really creepy work now it's a shower
exactly so you take a detergent
container exactly attach a nozzle here
and then by simply pushing this button
you want to wash your hands yeah
and then read you wanna babies you're
not think I did well as show
Blair you literally built your own
little MacGyver can't base camp or
whatever how much you would love to go
camping even though it's not quite five
star and Regis I can see the two of you
enjoying tranquil nights in the
Catskills oh my Regis and I are going to
be enjoying some cocktails on the
veranda at the beautiful Sagamore Hotel
in Lake George or I used to vintage you
will be out before it's taking a shower